much I could record it for seven minutes
why does he want it yes he does he's the
one who suggested it the holes Jason
hiding underneath the purple pillow
being very crybaby like and Adam is
filming as well I look horrible i have
an old dead smoker voice my voice is
gone from disneyland and there's Vince
playing with the little snappy thing and
there's Chrissy being whiny not like
super bitch of the trip would turn out
to be Chrissy I just get a little
demanding no right we've go to space
mountain and then we should go to the
total opposite side of the park to the
other right because it makes no sense
did you play the foes yeah did you
testimony time wait what like cuz he
does this this was nettles crush just
guessing boys I do you want to smell it
we need to delete that part of the video
Simon's oh you're the only one with any
classrooms really you know yeah y'all
knows any classes really just come out
with these lines was the best delivery
oh no I really dumb Shan how you watch
it she's going crazy oh she's talking
crazy good biatch say something
interesting mm-hmm I've never done one
of these ones above your head oh that's
probably gonna be it was the line in the
way stop it I probably look horrible no
do I look bad no go it's a fine angle
for me Valley the stars is directly from
behind I try to copy Adam well he's the
best just come up here what is that why
he says
no way he says like something about I am
I I am the light something I don't
remember how do you get the angle Eve
dole of your head you're just a
kitchenette see the very skinny mom I
don't want children absolutely I don't
like 20 what was the line from The
Jungle Cruise it was the Oasis please
refrain from swearing their children
everywhere children has the flotation
device please grab the nearest child
wait it's necessary all children can and
will be used as location is brilliant oh
yes why are we in bed together that's
where we were laying sorry give me
another answer sex yeah but then what do
you have to say about that pins know
what make it gross I don't know I don't
know but if she says if I with Karen E
behind yeah I'm gonna get all your
subscribers to unsubscribe you know see
he's been begging me for videos that he
can have subscribers in it too this
isn't this remedy this is of me making
no this is this is our last night in
California except for making your left
my life how unruh diculous lee fair is
that i've done in like four or five
hours
what you're aiming I'm is a mirror i
hate you all know and this is our land
creepy where she can't ok no this is our
last night in california is like all
sorry in the morning we were pulling an
all-nighter cuz your planes really early
tomorrow my plate was supposed to be
tonight where's a human she's talking
Dahlia walk my life mr. now my life is
cancelled oh I'm sorry I'm sorry Robert
that means she wants to fuck you what my
flight is canceled due to blizzard in
Seattle so I'm here indefinitely plus my
ID was stolen from somebody and so so my
my chances of getting out of here we're
slim to none anyway so I'm just happy
there's a blizzard naked naked Oh vs
smile be happy we have two children it's
our last day
where's the bottle of Jim follow Jim
look at those peeps of things that's all
of our shit in Jason's kitchen yeah
except was amazing mostly mine sorry x
I'm at I look fat public fat you want to
be upside down that makes you look less
fat he's shying away now fine I use
nothing interesting to say Chris he did
you have anything interesting to say no
I'm never interesting except for when
you are you said yeah but fucking i did
not i would not she wore protest I said
he was fuck say why F word what's that I
you won't get me a set because I won't
say it fuck no fuck fuck it's a sair to
not say anything oh so much I'm the only
one prick ah that one clip hostage
all right this is madness